Adding explicit zero algebras (#1095)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/group-theory/trivial-groups.lagda.md

              ( contains-unit-Subgroup G (trivial-Subgroup G))
              ( eq-is-contr H)))
```

### "The" trivial group is abelian

```agda
0-group : Group lzero
pr1 (pr1 0-group) = unit-Set
pr1 (pr2 (pr1 0-group)) = λ x y → star
pr2 (pr2 (pr1 0-group)) = λ x y z → refl
pr1 (pr2 0-group) = star , ((λ x → refl) , (λ x → refl))
pr2 (pr2 0-group) = (λ x → star) , (λ x → refl) , (λ x → refl)

is-abelian-0-group : is-abelian-Group 0-group
is-abelian-0-group = λ x y → refl

ab-0-group : Ab lzero
ab-0-group = 0-group , is-abelian-0-group
```

### The type of trivial groups is contractible

> This remains to be done. It requires first classifying identity types of groups
> using the structure identity principle, shouldn't be too hard (perhaps it's
> already a lemma in the category-theory modules?) but needs to be done.

Reviewer: Note that the agda-unimath website is an encyclopedia of formalized mathematics, so it would be more approprate to state this in a more neutral language:

```suggestion
This remains to be formalized. Its formalization is expected to make use of the characterization of the identity type of the type of groups, which is formalized in [the category of groups](group-theory.category-of-groups.md).
```
